hey I'm a graffiti lighting effects
cheers got another item I want to show
you this is a haze machine it's a new
one from American DJ no hair lighting
yeah okay
that crates in the background here
anyway it's called the phase stream 700
and have you been using a fog machine a
lot for your dancefloor to show off all
the lights on your you know on your
dance floor you might want to consider a
haze machine it cost a little more money
but the nice thing about it is they're
not getting that gagging fogged stuff
all over the place and if you've used
been using fog machines you know what
I'm talking about
that stuff gets so thick well the haze
makes just a real gentle fog type of
effect on your dance floor we're not
being gagged by the fog fluid this
particular machine which we're gonna
check out of the showroom today I've not
even used
I'm not even open up the box yet but
even now who made it till just this
morning nice thing that I've heard
understand about this is you like for
instance here take a look at this this
is high performance phase fluid by show
bay lighting now if you're going to buy
a show Bay haze machine you have to use
their phase fluid hmm and this cost you
quite a bit of money then if you buy an
American DJ haze machine you'd have to
use the American DJ haze juice the only
thing I don't like about the American DJ
haze juice besides of course you pay
more money for this stuff
this is oil-based I don't think I'd want
to be walking around a dance floor
breathing in some kind of oil-based
fluid I that just sounds nasty to me you
can use regular clog juice for the pay
stream 700 doesn't matter what brand
what if they tell you to use their fog
fluid I don't think so but yeah you can
use any fog fluid for this particular
unit we're with the American DJ one you
got to use their the Chauvet you got to
use their so let's take a look at this
and see how it performs
okay this thing is really putting out
let me turn this thing on
yes I would say on a scale of 1 to 10 10
being the best this baby for the price
know are there's gonna be real hot it's
not real hot for the price this thing
definitely gets a knife big time 9 for
through the effect look at this place
this is totally fogged out the problem
with fog machines usually have to have a
fan circulate the fog around to get a
good effect this thing has an internal
fan is blowing it out and it's filling
up the entire room this room is about a
17 foot by a 12 foot room pretty decent
size should be about nice size for a
dance floor
it's the Eliminator phase Stream 700
great machine for your dance floor hey
thanks a lot